.\" ----------------------------- nSnake man page -------------------------------

.TH nsnake 6 "Fri, 20 Jan 2012" v1.5 "nSnake v1.5"

.\"---------------------------------- NAME --------------------------------------
.SH NAME
nsnake \- A snake game clone with nCurses

.\"-------------------------------- SYNOPSIS ------------------------------------
.SH SYNOPSIS
nsnake
.RB [ -h ]
.RB [ -l ]
.RB [ -v ]
.RB [ -r ]

.\"------------------------------- DESCRIPTION ----------------------------------
.SH DESCRIPTION
nSnake is a implementation of the classic snake game with textual interface.
It is playable at command-line and uses the nCurses C library for graphics.
The rules are the same of any snake game:

.PP
You control a hungry snake and the objective is to eat as many fruits you can.
Each fruit eaten increases it's size by two units.
.PP
The game ends when the snake collides with the walls or itself. Currently,
nSnake has two modes: With Borders and without borders.
.PP
The challenge is to earn the biggest score possible by eating as many fruits as
you can.

.B Controls:
.RS
Numbers (1~9)       Changes the game speed at the main menu

Arrow Keys, WASD    Moves the snake

q                   Quits the game at any time

p                   Pauses/Unpauses the game
.RE

.\"--------------------------------- OPTIONS ------------------------------------
.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B "-h, --help"
Displays the quick help text.

.TP
.B "-l, --license"
Displays the program license and warranty.

.TP
.B "-v, --version"
Displays the version and general information.

.TP
.B "-r, --reset-scores"
Resets all the Highscores to default.

.\"----------------------------------- BUGS -------------------------------------
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug, please email me at <alex.dantas92@gmail.com>.

.\"---------------------------------- AUTHOR ------------------------------------
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page and nSnake were both written by Alexandre Dantas <alex.dantas92@gmail.com>.
